=head1 NAME

DBGp::Client::Response - documentation for DBGp response objects

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Brief description of all possible response objects; they are thin
wrappers around the XML returned by the DBGp client, you should refer
to the L<DBGp protocol specification|http://xdebug.org/docs-dbgp.php>
for the meaning of the various values.

Unless specified, the values returned by the various accessors is the
raw value provided by the debugger.

All responses, except for L</init> have C<transaction_id> and
C<command> accessors.

All response objects have an C<is_error> accessor, which only returns
true for L<error> responses.

=head1 RESPONSES

=head2 init

Implemented by C<DBGp::Client::Response::Init>. See also
L<connection initialization|http://xdebug.org/docs-dbgp.php#connection-initialization>
in the DBGp spec.

Accessors:

=over 4

=item fileuri

=item parent

=item idekey

=item thread

=item appid

=item protocol_version

=item hostname

=item language

=back

=head2 error

Implemented by C<DBGp::Client::Response::Error>. See also
L<debugger engine errors|http://xdebug.org/docs-dbgp.php#debugger-engine-errors>
in the DBGp spec.

Accessors:

=over 4

=item code

=item apperr

=item message

=back

=head2 feature_get

Implemented by C<DBGp::Client::Response::FeatureGet>. See also
L<feature_get|http://xdebug.org/docs-dbgp.php#feature-get>
in the DBGp spec.

Accessors:

=over 4

=item supported

=item feature

=item value

=back

=head2 feature_set

Implemented by C<DBGp::Client::Response::FeatureSet>. See also
L<feature_set|http://xdebug.org/docs-dbgp.php#feature-set>
in the DBGp spec.

Accessors:

=over 4

=item success

=item feature

=back

=head2 run, step_into, step_over, step_out, stop,detach

Implemented by C<DBGp::Client::Response::Step>. See also
L<continuation commands|http://xdebug.org/docs-dbgp.php#continuation-commands> in the
DBGp spec.

Accessors:

=over 4

=item reason

=item status

=item filename

Might or might not be present (Xdebug extension not in the specification)

=item lineno

Might or might not be present (Xdebug extension not in the specification)

=back

=cut

# TODO: breakpoint_set, breakpoint_remove, breakpoint_list, stack_get, context_names, context_get, typemap_get

# TODO: eval

=head1 OTHER OBJECTS

Lists other objects that are part of the response object structure but
are not response objects.

=head2 breakpoint

Implemented by C<DBGp::Client::Response::Breakpoint>. See also
L<breakpoints|http://xdebug.org/docs-dbgp.php#breakpoints>
in the DBGp spec.

Accessors:

=over 4

=item id

=item type

=item state

=item filename

=item lineno

=item function

=item exception

=item hit_value

=item hit_condition

=item hit_count

=item expression

=back

=head2 property

Implemented by C<DBGp::Client::Response::Property>. See also
L<properties, variables and values|http://xdebug.org/docs-dbgp.php#properties-variables-and-values>
in the DBGp spec.

Accessors:

=over 4

=item name

=item fullname

=item constant

=item type

=item children

=item address

=item pagesize

=item page

=item classname

=item key

=item facet

=item numchildren

It always returns C<0> unless C<children> is true

=item value

The decoded value of scalar properties (typically useful when
C<children> is false).

=item childs

Array of C<DBGp::Client::Response::Property> objects. Returns an empty
array unless C<children> is true).

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Mattia Barbon <mbarbon@cpan.org>

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2015 Mattia Barbon. All rights reserved.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
